# Code for Reproducing the Results in *A Case Study of Space-time Performance Comparison of Wind Turbines on a Wind Farm*

This paper presents an academia-industry joint case study concerning an effective way to quantify and compare multi-year changes in power production performance of multiple turbines scattered over a mid-size wind farm. This analysis is referred to as a space-time performance comparison. Considering that the wind and environmental inputs to wind turbine generators are stochastic in nature, any analysis testifying to the change in a turbine's performance must have the varying inputs controlled for. This research employs two principal modeling components sequentially to exercise a tight control of multiple input conditions|a covariate matching method followed by a Gaussian process model-based functional comparison. The analysis is applied to a wind farm that houses 66 turbines on a moderately complex terrain. The power production and environmental data span nearly four years, during which period the turbines have gone through multiple technical upgrades. The space-time analysis presents a quantitative and global picture depicting how turbines differ relative to each other as well as how each of them changes over time.

The scripts and datasets necessary to reproduce the figures and results in the paper are contained in the [code](https://github.com/wenodey2/Space-Time-Comparison/tree/main/code) and [dataset](https://github.com/wenodey2/Space-Time-Comparison/tree/main/dataset) folders respectively.

### Reference
Ding, Yu, Nitesh Kumar, Abhinav Prakash, Adaiyibo E. Kio, Xin Liu, Lei Liu, and Qingchang Li. "A case study of space-time performance comparison of wind turbines on a wind farm." *Renewable Energy* 171 (2021): 735-746.
